So now with that image added and now we're already working on the game over screen here.
Let's find you in this text we see here at the bottom.
Let's make it a little bit nicer a little bit more beautiful.
And in addition before I do that I'll actually switch back from using the network image to the local
image but that is of course totally up to you what you prefer there.
So I want to work on a text here and instead of just having this kind of tabular text here which just
would put some information in a boring way.
Why don't we percenters in a while in a nicer wait in detail.
I think it would be nicer if we had some human readable text here so a real sentence which we can read
so dear we could say your phone needed and then here we have the number of rounds rounds to guest number.
And that here will would enter the number.
So the number of courses props user number and again can get rid of this line now.
But I don't just want to output props used a number like this instead I want to highlighted I want to
give it a special color that's different from the the opera color here and the same here for these the
rounds so the props round number of value would be nice if Dad would also be colored differently now
to color that differently we can actually wrap this into another text note here so you can have text
notes text components inside of text instead of other text components.
So that is possible just like that.
Now that's really important to understand.
You can nest text components into our text components and keep in mind that body text in the end is
just a text component body text is a component that simply returns to build and text component.
So anything we enter between body text is the same as if we would enter it between the built in text
component components and therefore we can have nested text in there and we can theoretically also have
nested views in there but there are some caveats to that and therefore if you don't absolutely have
a strong reason for why you would need a view in there you shouldn't really nest views into text and
the rally is a reason to do that text inside of text however can make a lot of sense because it allows
you to style parts of a text differently than the rest of the text.
So here for example I want to add style with style start highlight at the same year for the second text
to well highlight this part of the text and now of course we can add highlight down there in our style
sheet in the game over screen highlight and there for example give us a color where we use colors and
for Dad we need to add to import where we import colors from constants colors and then maybe use our
primary colored air so colors thought primary if we do that what you'll see is that now this is highlighted
now all do something interesting if I temporarily go to the body text and I changed it to open Sands
bold here.
So I used the bold version you'll see that even that highlighted text is still bold might be a bit hard
to see but this is actually bold and that is very interesting because earlier in the course I mentioned
that your styles wouldn't inherit so that if you for example in the game over screen set a font family
here on your screen style which is applied to the view that wraps everything dad font family would not
be passed down to components nested inside of that view.
So just because you set a style here on this view doesn't mean that all our views in there or all of
the texts in there whatever it is get the same style the styles you apply to a component always are
just applied to that component and not too nested components and yet it's different for the text.
There is text here to highlight a text which has nested inside of the body text also gets this bold
family.
If we change it on the body text and that is simply important difference we act native has four text
components.
If you add style there the style is passed down to nested text components.
That's one exception wrecked native has text instead of text receives the style to find on the outer
text so any style you set up on the body text here is automatically received by the nested text components.
There is one additional important behavior regarding the text component and react native and that is
that it's not using flex box the view uses flex blocks.
The text component of course doesn't and I mentioned this before that the view component uses flex box
not text or Arrow components but text uses its own positioning system where it automatically wraps itself
into a new line if it doesn't fit into one line and to demonstrate this.
We could go here to the game over screen and wrap our entire textured bottom into another view so take
that body text and added here into this view and there add a style of let's say name ID result text
whatever you want to name this or result container to be more in line with the other style names.
So result container is added to the view.
And now if I add this year anywhere here in my style sheet and I give this a width of let's say 80 percent
which makes sense so that the text has a bit more distance to the left and right.
Or alternatively I add a margin horizontal of let's say 20 to have some spacing left and right around
the container then you see the text is indeed wrapped into a new line and that's all the default behavior
of the text component and react native.
Not only does it parse stylus down to nested text it also has its own positioning system where its own
layout system where text automatically wraps itself into a new line.
If it doesn't fit in wanted the same line and that of course makes a lot of sense that typically is
what you want on your text you want it to wrap in two new lines now with that I'll revert the setting
on the body text.
I'll actually not use open sensible there.
I just use open sands but I wanted to show this style inheritance thing and all is of course in general.
Let you know how text behaves regarding the way its layout.
All that being said about the text were not done though.
I don't think that looks that nice.
Instead on the game over screen does highlight that text maybe should be bold so I'll use a font family
of open sense bold here so that this really stands out and is easier to see.
And in addition I'll actually also add a marginal recent low 30 year to have a bit more spacing left
to right around the text.
Now in addition I also want to make sure though that the text is centered so that if we have a line
break it's all centered in the middle and we don't start on the left edge again and this cannot be achieved
with a special styling property.
You can add on text components and that's D.
Text align property.
The thing just as I don't want to use this on the highlighted text I want to use that on the overall
body text and therefore we need to add a style here maybe result.
Text is a fitting name here since this is our text overall.
And then here we can just add result
and on that result.
Text set text align to center.
However if I safeties it doesn't have an effect because our body text is not configured to tag style
the style prop we might add to it into account in body text the only style is set to the text is to
internally Define style.
Now we learned how to change this however we simply pass a object here to style.
Take all our custom style properties from this file and distribute them into this object and merged
it with whatever we're getting on props style by using the spread operator.
Here to end with Dad.
Now if we save this we see that this is now nicely centered and this is certainly a bit nicer to read
than it was before I'd say.
Now with Dad we're almost done with styling this text the last thing I think looks nice here is that
if on the result text we all the bump up the font size a little bit.
So if we set font size here two to 20 maybe some really big and on the assault container.
I also want to have a margin vertical of 15 maybe to have some spacing on top and bottom around the
text as well.
And now with that we have a game over screen which in my opinion doesn't look too bad and you'll learn
a lot about how text works and how you can work with the text component and react native.